Some jobs they really can't do
The elders of the great families in Kyoto these days
Come to me if you have nothing to do
Some bring daughters
Some bring nieces
Others bring cousins
Oops, they said they were coming to the wife on the day of the dinner party
What do you think they mean?
What do you mean?
Chen Xiaodao, you don't know what they mean?
Good for you
I've only been to Kyoto for a few days
Just give me this group of Yingying Yanyan
These girls don't know you have top gifters
Wait for me, I'll go to Kyoto right now
Wait
What noble girl dares to rob my Sun Ruoxue of a man?
It's over. It's over.
They're all finished.
Sister, can you take me to find my brother?
Who's your brother?
Where are we going to find him?
With my esteemed guests
Thank you for coming to the dinner where I took over the family
From today onwards
I, Chen Xiaodao, have officially taken over the Chen family
everyone
The family's past and all collaborations remain the same
Ok ok ok ok